unusually for International Football
there would be far more people outside
the stadium than inside as Scotland
played Israel organizers decided the
security risk was too great to allow
fans into hamon park but hundreds of
demonstrators gathered outside demanding
European governing body UEFA ban Israel
as they banned Russia after the invasion
of Ukraine we're called show Israeli
genocide the red card and we're here
because we're absolutely appalled by the
hypocrisy and double standards of FIFA
and UA it's been business as usual for
Israel around the world which is
absolutely shameful as players took to
the pitch in front of empty stands the
home of Scottish Football was still
echoing with chance the demonstrators
here are shouting up towards the roof of
hen Park so that they can be heard loud
and clear by the players and officials
inside the otherwise empty Stadium
they've wanted this game cancelled at
the very least they want to disrupt it
and one of them did a demonstrator got
inside and chained himself to the goal
posts causing the match to be delayed as
the players were taken off earlier
members of glasgow's Jewish Community
also gathered outside the stadium they
said Israel should not be banned from
playing in the tournament we've been
advocating for peace every week for over
9 years between the Israeli and the
Palestinian people both teams and both
countries have a right to participate in
sport in peace local politicians from
the green party had joined calls for the
Scottish Football Association the SFA to
call the game off it's really important
that particularly in Western countries
where we have an immense amount of
privilege living in a safe environment
that we stand up for people who aren't
able to do that and who are living in
oppressive aparti regimes I think you
can see the the strength of feeling here
in Glasgow um and maybe the SF will list
in the future Scotland won 4-1 after
kickoff was delayed by half an hour they
next Trav to Hungary where Israel have
played their home games ever since
October Paul ree Al jazer
Glasgow make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer